today's recipe is absolutely amazing
rich hearty soup filled with lots of
veggies and chicken you're gonna love
this let's make some chicken minestrone
on the one pot chef let's make some
chicken minestrone in my big pot I've
got a little bit of olive oil and to
that I'm adding in one brown onion which
I've just chopped up a little bit of
crushed garlic two sticks of celery
which I've just chopped up and two large
carrots which I've just peeled and
chopped I'm also adding in 150 grams of
diced bacon and you can make this bacon
ham pancetta whatever you fancy and over
a medium to high heat we're just gonna
stir this around and allow this to cook
for about 5 to 10 minutes or until the
onions have softened add in a 400 gram
can of diced tomatoes and I've chopped
up 2 zucchini or courgettes depending on
where you live in the world I'm gonna
add in 8 cups of chicken stock that's 2
liters and 2 cups of cold water give
this a good stir now just allow this to
come to the boil next we're gonna add in
some razón e about half a cup now
rezoning is just this pastor that looks
a bit like rice and when we add this
into a soup it'll suck up a little bit
of the excess liquid and it will add a
bit of body to our mixture and last but
not least I've got some chicken about 4
cups of cooked chicken I've just bought
a roasted chicken from the supermarket
and all I'm gonna do is just chuck this
in you just strip all the meat off the
chicken discard the skin and bones and
then just roughly shred it up into
little bits don't be too fussy with it
give that a big stir season with a bit
of pepper and all we're gonna do is
reduce the temperature down to low just
so our soup is just gently simmering
we're gonna allow it to simmer for about
10 minutes or so or until that pasta has
swelled up and is nice and tender and
our chicken minestrone is just about
ready and take a look at this there's
beautiful chicken and vegetables and
pasta
this is absolutely
or just I cannot wait to try some of
this oh this is piping hot hmm Wow way
to go mmm that is sensational
hmm you've got a beak hit a chicken who
have beautiful vegetables of the
zucchini and the carrot and the onions
and the garlic and the tomato a little
bits of pastoral through YUM and of
course the beautiful succulent pieces of
roast chicken all throw up this is the
best soup you will ever eat well I hope
you enjoyed this recipe check out my
other videos at Wawa chef Joe calm and
until next time see you later